00:00:00 Speaker 1
The backlog grew to $240 million, which represents a huge opportunity for our ecosystem. And to that point, 80% of the incremental revenue we saw last year came from our partner ecosystem. So a big thank you to all of you. Our marketplace co-sell business almost doubled, grew 90% year-over-year.
00:00:30 Speaker 1
And our partner bookings grew at over a hundred percent, which is a precursor for even more future growth for all of us. And the momentum continues with customers. We're adding customers at twice the velocity, and the deal sizes are getting larger and larger. In fact, we did more billion-dollar deals last year than the three years previous combined.
00:01:01 Speaker 1
And as Thomas mentioned earlier, Seventy five percent of all Google Cloud customers are now leveraging Gemini to start optimizing their business processes, to bring intelligence and automation. And to that point, We launched Gemini Enterprise with just five and a half months from our GA launch to the end of the year. Eight million seats sold together with our ecosystem. And the reason for this unprecedented demand Is that customers want to bring this intelligence and automation to optimize the core business process. Across every industry, there is a paradigm shift taking place. In retail, companies like Etsy are delivering 90 million personalized experiences. You can now deliver truly to do marketing to a segment of one, and they're already seeing higher conversion rates. In industries like automotive manufacturing,
00:02:01 Speaker 1
Renault is using Agentic to optimize shop floor and supply chain operations. This has resulted in a 260 million euro reduction in excess inventory cost, 40% improvement, lower ramp-up time for new vehicles, And a 50 % reduction in warranty claims because better products are going out the door. And in life sciences. Companies like Schrodinger and Bayer are accelerating drug discovery. As you know, for a life sciences company, this can have millions of dollars of top line impact, not to mention saving lives. This is the kind of impact that we're delivering with our ecosystem and our customers. And, we have tremendous conviction that together, we can transform every company in the world. And.
00:02:56 Speaker 1
Given our conviction, we're making a significant investment today in a new agentic partner program. And as part of that new program, We're making dramatically increased investments in all of you to the tune of $ 750 million over the next year. And these partner incentives, Will largely be focused in four areas. Number one, Bringing you the level four hundred skills through training and enablement to ensure that you have the deep expertise to do delivery with our clients. Engineering collaboration. So you have better access to our roadmaps and can work side by side with our FDEs for hands, - on workshops to ensure that you've got the right scaled FDE practices of your own.
00:03:54 Speaker 1
Investments and incentives around pre-sales and post-sales with our services partners. Pre-sales around workshops with clients, funding MVPs with production data of the client, As well as post - sales incentives to ensure that we have successful customer go- lives and customers are activated and getting value from their investment. And lastly, for ISVs, many of the ISVs in the room You want to accelerate your solution delivery and leverage our leading agentic platform to build your unique capability and your agents on top, and publish your agents into Gemini Enterprise, and get distribution through our marketplace. We'll share a lot more on that later in this session. I am incredibly excited about working with many of you and all of you over the years to come on, driving this agentic transformation with our customers.
00:04:50 Speaker 1
I'm going to share with you later in this session, how we need to evolve our offerings so that we can actually capture this opportunity. But first, I'd like you to hear firsthand from Thomas on why we're uniquely differentiated to go capture this opportunity and why partners are in the center of this. So, I'd like to welcome Thomas to the stage.
00:05:29 Speaker 2
Thank you to each and every one of you in our partner community that did such great work with us over the years. We always have felt at Google that we're creating ecosystem. We've been partner first from our foundation, and we continue to remain committed to that strategy. And so many of you played such an important role in making our customers successful this past year. So the outset Thank you for all that you've done with us this past year. And the larger we get, the faster we seem to grow. And that's partly because of how we see technology evolving. So when we started our work on AI, you know, a couple of things: You saw people primarily using models to answer questions. Some people call them chat; some people call them chatbot.
00:06:28 Speaker 2
And models have a certain set of capabilities to reason on things, and then they evolved to do more complex things like, for example, you could ask the model a question and could generate content for you. It could create images, it could create audio and video files, etc. Now, over the last several years, we've been working on teaching models to do tasks on behalf of people. And As in order to pass, they need to be able to use a computer. They need to be able to use tools, And that led us to say if you want these things to really work well, this notion of an agent that can do a task on behalf of people, you need to build a stack. And that stack consists of at the top level, the framework to build agents and applications.
00:07:24 Speaker 2
It needs to be able to understand your company's business data as context so that the model can act on it. It needs to protect and keep these systems and models secure from a cyber point of view, and then it needs to have super efficient infrastructure to work well. Now, what's important for you, the partner community, is that as organizations and companies start embracing this technology It's creating opportunity in every part of this ecosystem. Some people want to say, "I need to organize my data so that agents can act on them." So, an opportunity to consolidate data, tag it, catalog it, and make it possible for agents to reason on it. More recently, we've seen huge interest from customers on as AI models understand code.
00:08:16 Speaker 2
Will I have an issue from a cyber risk point of view with people using these models to attack me? And the combination of our Mandiant team with the new technology we showed today, as well as our expertise in models, gives people a portfolio of solutions to work with to protect themselves. As people want to optimize how they're dealing with customer experience, we have solutions for that. And so every part of this ecosystem from Our agent platform, security data platform, Et cetera, all opportunities for each and every one of you to build a business and to grow your influence in our client base. So, we feel that this is really going to create an opportunity because we're giving you this integrated platform. And, we see also this opportunity to make this platform the experience through which every end user.
00:09:14 Speaker 2
Can get access to AI every day. And clients want to have their employees learn to use AI, and this Gemini Enterprise platform is through which many, many of our customers are learning to use AI. A simple couple of statistics :. We ended last year in December just from our enterprise client base with. Over ten billion tokens per minute of Gemini being served. In three months, that's jumped to sixteen billion. That's more than a fifty percent increase in just three months. And it's because people are building much more complex agents with the platform, and that creates opportunity for each and every one of you, our partners. Now, in order to make you successful.
00:10:12 Speaker 2
As we said from the start, We have been partner first, and we see this as an opportunity for every one of you. What are we trying to do? We're going to give you access to our technology. We want you to build solutions based on it. And so, We're going to give you expertise and our people to help you understand how to build solutions. And the third, we're going to give you distribution, to help you bring your solutions, Built on our platform to our customers, so access to the technology, The ability to train you to learn and build solutions on top of this platform. You all have the expertise in different industries, the expertise in different domains, the expertise in how to drive change management. All of those things are your expertise, but we're going to show you how to build these solutions using our technology. And finally.
00:11:09 Speaker 2
We know that you want us to help bring you and your solutions to our customers, So we're also going to help you with bringing your solutions to our customer base. Now, starting with access to technology, What are we trying to do very simply for independent software vendors and SaaS companies? We know that you have an opportunity to modernize your old software using Our platform, and so we're giving you access to our Gemini Enterprise Agent Platform. So you can build agents using it, And you can also surface the agents you're building in our Gemini Enterprise and also in our Workspace solutions. So all our users can get access to your solutions. We have over 13 million developers building daily using Gemini.
00:12:09 Speaker 2
So, when we put it in front of our user base, including the developer community, we're bringing access to a huge base of people. So, if you're a software company that's building packaged software as SaaS, you don't have to build an agent platform. If you want to, you're welcome to. But, you can also use our Gemini Enterprise Agent Platform to modernize your own system. If you are a services partner, there is an endless demand from Customers to us for specialized agents for specific domains finance, accounting, legal back office supply chain fraud and abuse prevention. There's an endless list of these and also for specific industries, retail healthcare financial services insurance. And so you can build agents that are unique to an industry or to a domain.
00:13:07 Speaker 2
Now, to help you do it, we're going to give you three things. First, Forward deployed engineers from Google or experts in Gemini Enterprise to teach you side by side how to use this technology. Second, a certified partner specialist program with hands-on workshops. So not only do our forward deployed engineers come and show you how to do it, but we're also going to help you with workshops where you can actually Try and build this yourself, and we can help you optimize it. We also will give you the certification so that client asks, "How good are your people?" You can say, "We have the certified level of expertise." And the third is independent software vendor agent factory to support technical readiness. So to help, if you are a SaaS company and you want to build agents and you want to learn how best to optimize your agents from a.
00:14:06 Speaker 2
From a performance point of view, from a cost point of view, from controls so that governance and auditing are built in. We'll give you expertise to do all that and to help you build an agent factory of your own. Next, to bring your solutions to our customers. You know we want to make each and every one of you as our partners successful. So we're doing two things. The first one, To bring a cross-surface agent ecosystem. So you can build and publish agents, any agent that you want exposed to our customer, you can list in our agent marketplace. Every Gemini Enterprise user sees those agents, making your agents discoverable. As we showed this morning, any agent published to Gemini Enterprise can also send tasks and notifications to Workspace.
00:15:02 Speaker 2
So, The large user base we have in Google Workspace also sees all your agents and can start using them. And finally, because we've integrated Gemini Enterprise and Workspace with our developer ecosystem, any developer building with Gemini Enterprise can also extend your agents. So, we're giving you access to a huge surface area for people to see your agents. And be able to discover your technology that you've built on top of our platform. We also see that's an important thing to help you with investment. Remember, Our goal has always been because we're partner first to grow the pie for each and every one of you because we grow when you grow. And so, and investment as an investment in each of you, we're committed to investing seven hundred and fifty million dollars.
00:15:58 Speaker 2
Before the end of this year because we see this demand from our customers. And as I said, the larger we get, the faster we're growing. And because of the demand we see and because we are committed to you in our partner ecosystem, we're investing this money to help you both build products, bring you leads, enable you with certifications. And make each and every one of you successful in this next wave of AI transformation. Thanks once again for being such great partners, And we look forward to making this coming year an even more amazing year with all of you. Joining us.
00:16:41 Speaker 3
From Google DeepMind, please welcome Logan Kilpatrick and our special guest, Chief Scientist at Google DeepMind and Google Research, Jeff Dean.
00:17:04 Speaker 4
My. All right, welcome everyone. Jeff, I am super excited for this conversation. We have ten minutes. I have like three hours of questions, so we're gonna we're gonna run through as much as humanly possible. Maybe, we can kick off with sort of just reflecting on the change that's happened in the last six to twelve months. It feels like AI acceleration has continued. And sort of curious from from your vantage point, how that's how that's come to life Yeah,
00:17:29 Speaker 5
I mean, I think we've seen, This incredible explosion of the capabilities of the models. Like, if you think back twelve months ago, the models were not nearly as capable, And we're starting to see longer - running kind of interactive tool use agentic workflows really starting to work well. You know, Twelve months ago, you could kind of squint, and it could the models could work well on a problem that might take you five or ten minutes to do on your own, but now we have these kind of agentic workflows really.
00:18:01 Speaker 5
You know, working well for things that are multi-hour, even multi-day kinds of tasks. And that's been a big change internally. And it's also been a big change for the outside users of these models. And so I want to thank all of you for your partnership and how we collectively with other Google customers and partners make this transition to these incredibly capable models. This is going to continue to improve and you know, it's going to take all of us to think about, you know, how do we, Uh, reorient ourselves to what's possible now.
00:18:33 Speaker 4
Yeah, no one hundred percent where obviously we've made lots of progress, But I am curious like where you see the landscape shifting as far as like, where are the new bottlenecks that are coming into play at the hardware side, at the software side, at the agent side.
00:18:47 Speaker 5
Yeah, I mean I think one thing is that clearly, low latency serving of models is really important. I think people just generally have a better experience using things that are fast. And when you have a model that is incredibly capable but also, you know, responds quickly, That's just a better experience either for your own interactive use, but also for agents because the agents can go off. And if you have a latency system, that's five times faster, they can perhaps finish something, you know, five times faster. So you don't have an hour lag; you have a 12 minute lag. And the way you interact with such a system is just a very different kind of experience when.
00:19:28 Speaker 5
Latency in the system is dramatically improved. Now, One thing I think we're going to see, though, is as the models and agents start to be combinations of using the model to construct a set of tool calls, and then using tools and getting the results of those tools, And then going back to more digestion of the output of the tool to figure out what to do next. If you make the model kind of infinitely fast, we'll start to realize that the tools that we use today, many of them are not designed for incredibly low latency use. They're designed for kind of human speed of operation to list files in a directory or access some database for the query or whatever. And you'll start to see the tools we actually use being a bottleneck. And that's going to be a problem we'll have to also attack and fix.
00:20:24 Speaker 4
Yeah, It's exciting because I think maybe like two years ago, we were talking about all these different scaling dimensions of models. And and now I think scaling dimensions of even agents. And it feels like one of those is like actually just like orchestrating many, many agents today. You have a single agent, maybe in the future you'll have thousands of agents. I'm, curious your your reaction to that and also like maybe from a research and implementation standpoint, Like how are we actually going to get to the point where it's not just one - to- one, an agent communication, it's like one-to-many agent communication?
00:20:53 Speaker 5
Yeah, I mean, I think as people start to dip their toe into using agents in the background on their behalf, you know, They first start with like ". Let me have an agent, do something and I'll go off and check my email or whatever. " But that quickly becomes " I now have ten agents doing things in the background, and they're all going to finish," you know, some aspect of that at very different times. That's actually quite a lot of cognitive load on a person to like, oh, you know, which task was that agent in and which which task was that? And how. How is it accomplished what I asked it to do? And so I think there's some real interesting UI aspects to figure out how we sort of have a single person able to orchestrate, you know, Effectively a virtual team of coworkers on their behalf that might be quite a large team. Might be 50 or 1000 even as you mentioned. What is the right kind of metaphors for that in the UI. And how should we think about it?
00:21:51 Speaker 5
Interesting challenge. The other thing I think is going to be interesting is we're going to start to have agents interacting with other agents that are owned by other people. You know, we're already starting to see this internally in our own develop workflow. You know, pre-agent agenting coding era, you know a human would write some code, They would send it off to another human for code review, and it gets some comments, they'd iterate on that. Now we're starting to see people generate code with an agent Send that code up off to another agent that does an initial round of review, and the agents kind of negotiate amongst themselves, you know, How to revise the code to be more readable or conform with the style guidelines? Or like question? Is this really the right algorithm to use here? And that I think is quite interesting, right? How, you're going to have agents interact with other agents in the most effective way. Yeah.
00:22:46 Speaker 4
Definitely feels like one of the main bottlenecks, like trying to write a bunch of code with these tools. Like it feels like that human-in-the-loop review process has definitely become a bottleneck. And I'm excited that we're pushing on a bunch of these things internally, and hopefully others are externally as well. Jeff, You've spent a bunch of your time sort of doing all this Gemini long-term innovation work. And without spilling all of the secret sauce to people, I'm curious, like sort of what are some of the things that you're thinking about? It's not sort of like the next, You know, n- month- away iteration of Gemini is like much farther out than that. I'm curious, like, How you frame those things? And if you have any cool things you want to talk about.
00:23:23 Speaker 5
Yeah, definitely. I mean, I think, uh, you know, one aspect of innovation is thinking about, you know, future hardware generations. Uh I think like the need for really low latency, Really high throughput inference is just going to be, you know, uh dramatically accelerated over the next, you know, three to five years. So, we're thinking about you know what could we be doing there that would be interesting? Another area I think is if you think about these models, when you put the right information in the context window of these models, That information is really clear to the model, and it can really make effective use of that for accomplishing various kinds of tasks. And a million tokens is like quite a lot of context ;. It's like a thousand pages of text or many hours of video. But.
00:24:12 Speaker 5
I think as you start to imagine much more complex systems, You'd really like to give the user or the agent the illusion of attending to much more state. Like I have multiple decades of email. I'd like to be able to attend to documents that people have shared with me, maybe all my photos. I'd like to be able to kind of pretend as though my model or my agent has access to all of that state with my permission. And to put the right information in the context window at the right time. And so I think you're going to see these kind of interesting hybrid systems that are going to combine some form of interesting retrieval algorithm, Some form of very lightweight assessment of how relevant is this thing to the thing I'm trying to do. And then putting the real information that is the highest scoring from that earlier process in the context window. So that the model can make use of that.
00:25:09 Speaker 5
And. So then you kind of give the illusion of attending to perhaps trillions of tokens of state, uh, in a model thatum only has a million tokens worth of context. Yeah, I am excited for that. I feel like we have.
00:25:20 Speaker 4
Uh, we've got lots of tokens that we need to uh that we need to attend to. I've got two more questions for you. Um, We were talking backstage just about obviously, this moment of AI coding. And there is there is such so much progress there such a rapid adoption from from the ecosystem. Um, what like, As you reflect on the last six to twelve months and also just like the direction and the progress we've made over the last five years, Why do you think we've been able to make that much progress on coding specifically? But, there's obviously other domains, which like you haven't seen that rapid of a sort of implementation of some of these tools.
00:25:54 Speaker 5
Yeah, I mean, I think uh the way these models are trained, you know, A lot of it comes down to showing the model good examples of things and showing it, you know uh bad examples of things and sort of, Coaxing the model to do more good things than bad things with reinforcement, learning algorithms and code and math are particularly good domains for this because they're extremely verifiable. So you can like write code, You can see if it compiles and give a negative reward signal if the code doesn't compile. You can run unit tests for code and see if they all pass, Get a good positive reward signal for writing code that meets spec and passes all the tests. Similarly with math, if you.
00:26:36 Speaker 5
Generate a theorem. You could have a theorem checking system check if that theorem is a valid proof of the theorem. And. So those domains I think are particularly well suited for kind of the post training work that we do with reinforcement learning, and that's why those models, those domains are improving a lot. But that also improves kind of adjacent domains where you need to do kind of multi step reasoning. Even if it's not quite as crisply defined a domain,
00:27:07 Speaker 4
So it's exciting to see code as like this general purpose harness to do more. Last question, you know, I think six or twelve months ago everybody was talking about agents. I think the number of production deployments it was, you know, it took a lot of expertise and took a lot of system building or to make that possible. I'm curious what your what your hypothesis is for like, What are the things people are sort of talking about now that don't yet work that we'll be sort of sitting here next year at Cloud Next, Hopefully unveiling a huge bunch of things for our platform in order to enable going forward.
00:27:38 Speaker 5
Yeah, I mean, I think the models are going to continue to get better at a pretty rapid rate as they have been. And I think that's going to enable even more long running horizon tasks to be done fully independently. So, That will mean people will have the ability to have fifty or one hundred agents off doing, perhaps multi- day tasks that they're, you know, that previously would have had to pay a lot more fine- grained attention to. And that will enable people to do amazing things. Like, it's going to be just really amazing what individual people or a small team of people can get done. Um and I think you'll see a lot of rapid progress in those things.
00:28:21 Speaker 4
I'm excited. Can't wait for next year. Thank you for doing this, Jeff. If you all can join me in thank you, Jeff.
00:28:34 Speaker 3
Please welcome Managing Director of Strategic Partnerships for AI, Mira Haidarova.
00:28:56 Speaker 6
Thank You, Jack and Logan, for such an insightful discussion. We heard from Logan from Jack about the future of AI. Let's shift gears to some of our customers and their stories and hear how they're driving AI today and getting value from it. Albertsons.
00:29:15 Speaker 3
Companies is improving digital shopping with Ask AI, a tool that allows customers to use natural language to search. Discover and shop more intuitively. The experience helps customers find the right product faster, receive more personalized recommendations, and build smarter baskets, saving time and reducing friction in an everyday task. The company is already seeing a ten percent increase in basket size from customers using Ask AI. To share more, please welcome Senior Vice President of Engineering Rumya Iyer.
00:29:58 Speaker 6
I want to start with the value of AI at Albertsons. We all have a very intimate relationship with our grocery store, Whether it's the weekly trips to the store to buy food for the home or ad hoc visits to the pharmacy in times of need. How does AI play into that intimate relationship? And what value does it drive for the customer and for Albertsons?
00:30:25 Speaker 7
And I would simply think about it as a pervasive AI. You spoke about our pharmacies, you spoke about our stores. We have more than thirty six million customers walking into our stores, twenty two hundred stores, seventeen hundred pharmacies. We want to look at every element where we interact with them and how what friction can we take it out? We don't want to show them AI for the sake of AI, but figure out those moments where we can make their life easier, more fun. So the example that you saw with the conversational AI. That's an example of that. What, we did is like most people don't talk in terms of the search keywords. They talk in terms of natural language. That's what we did. We said like, okay, this is how they shop. They can now tell us their intent or what they want to do rather than saying milk, they say is like, hey, I am looking for organic milk. What would you recommend? Or I have this lactose intolerance problem. Can you suggest me a milk? So, that's a much more natural way. And that's how we think about AI to say is like how can it make life easier for our customers?
00:31:25 Speaker 7
On a similar note, I would say it's like we think about on the back. When I say pervasive, We have to go to the back room and then we look at our associates and say, How do we make life easier for them because they can serve the customers better? We don't think about AI as replacing the humans, but enabling the humans to be the superhumans that they can.
00:31:44 Speaker 6
One thing that we are fully aware is that you have a lot of choice when it comes to technology, when it comes to models. And yet, You chose us, and for that we're extremely grateful. One of the best decisions. We like hearing that. Can I selfishly ask, like how did we win you over? Why Google?
00:32:05 Speaker 7
So I don't have to repeat this, but Google brings deep strength in terms of AI, data, search. The billions that you spend on research, we love that. And, we love that like you are bringing a very strong foundation to us, and we can focus on what we excel at. We excel in selling groceries and that's what we want to focus on, not building the next AI model. So, and when we were in this journey with this conversational AI, we knew that like we had a friction point with our customer. We knew there was no solution out in the market that will meet our need. So, we needed a partner who doesn't just come with a model but works with us and says, like, hey, I not only do I understand model, I would work with you and understand your business problem and let's build something together. That is always great to hear.
00:32:52 Speaker 6
And the last thirty seconds, is there one piece of advice you would want to leave with this audience?
00:32:58 Speaker 7
So I would say the biggest advice I can give is the foundation. What you saw here is a cherry on the top, but before we got to the cherry in terms of the conversational AI, we had a lot of foundational layers that we built on. We had the data consolidated, cleaned up all in BigQuery. Then, we had to go and build the search capabilities because then comes the personalized recommendations. So we had to build the layers of the cake. Before we go to the chat,
00:33:23 Speaker 6
I love the reference to the layers of the cake. Thank you very much, Premal, for this conversation. And here's Gemini for fewer trips and better meals at home. Thank you.
00:33:36 Speaker 3
Advancing Humana's purpose to help people achieve their best health. Agent Assist. Improves healthcare experiences for members at moments when guidance matters most. Supporting more than twenty thousand member advocates across up to eighty million annual calls, Agent Assist resolves benefits and care questions faster. More accurately and with greater personalization, alongside other operational efficiency initiatives, agent assist.
00:34:07 Speaker 3
Service quality, accuracy, and consistency across member interactions. Please welcome Chief Information Officer Japan Mata.
00:34:34 Speaker 6
Especially started talking about AI. What struck me is that you started with human and you started with health. How does that shape your AI agenda? And what are the initiatives that you drive as a result?
00:34:47 Speaker 8
Thank you, Maria, first of all for having me here. At Humana, our purpose is simple: helping people achieve their best health. We always start with the human moment, not AI. We start with what helps, Our members and patients achieve their best health. AI plays a very critical role in being able to achieve that. For us, AI sets in the intersection of care delivery, operations, and the simplification of the path to care for our members and patients. When care is easier to access, easier to navigate, and easier to understand, it leads to better health outcomes. We believe AI.
00:35:31 Speaker 8
AI is most powerful when it works alongside people, meet where they are, embedded directly into the workflows, especially where complexity and administrative burden get in the way of connections. You see this in care settings like home or in clinics. For us, AI can actually help reduce documentation burden what clinicians doctors often call pajama time. That means less time on paperwork and more time focused on helping individuals achieve their best health.
00:36:01 Speaker 8
We also see that in our insurance operations as an example, our agent assist solution helps deliver faster, clearer support to our member advocates who are actually helping our members. These are just a couple of examples of how we are using AI to make healthcare, simple and help members and patients achieve their best health.
00:36:21 Speaker 6
Thank you for that, Jevin. We know they have a lot of choice, and we're thrilled to be your provider of choice. What about Google stood out for you and made us the right choice for Humana?
00:36:34 Speaker 8
That's a great question. The pace of technological change today makes one thing clear: no organization can try to build everything themselves. Partners help offset capability gaps, they help accelerate learning. We don't need to relearn everything that already exists. We want to stand on the shoulders of giants and actually build on top of it. Success isn't about one tool working in isolation; that's actually when it becomes a problem. It's about how everything works together. So, we chose to partner with Google Cloud because we share a belief in where the technology is going, not just where it is today. Google Cloud brings shared strong capabilities in AI, data and platform which are very important to us. They have all the pieces and instead of us having to get many pieces together, you would rather take that and then build on top of it. But importantly.
00:37:24 Speaker 8
Their willingness to work hand in hand with us throughout the journey is also an important part of the factor that we want a partner who's going to live the journey with us, not just hand us something and then give it to us. Capabilities like Gemini Enterprise Customer Experience reflect that mindset. Our job is to orchestrate and bring all the different components of our internal capability on the platform. So that we can actually deliver to the moments in our customer's life.
00:37:51 Speaker 6
We're thrilled to have you on our shoulders. In the last thirty seconds of this conversation, is there advice that you would want to give to this audience?
00:38:01 Speaker 8
I think I was just looking at the list of people here, and every single partner plays an important role, and a lot of you actually participate with us in our ecosystem. So we are so glad to have you. But there are a lot of AI tools coming, and we want to make sure that there's a single pane of glass. When it comes to our associates, to our customers, to our members, to our providers. And actually how do those agents interact with each other? How do we take all the different capabilities, The data that resides in various platforms and bring it to life in a single pane? It's going to be super important. And we really need your help to make that happen at scale.
00:38:35 Speaker 6
I have to say I continue to love the phrase". We start with a human, not AI". Thank you very much, Jeff. And here's to AI with the human at the center of it. Thank you very much, Nila.
00:38:46 Speaker 3
Thank you for having me. McKinsey and Company is combining the firm's expertise, Transformation experience and technology delivery capabilities with Google's AI stack to help clients turn AI ambition into sustained business value. Here to share more, please welcome Senior Partner Philip Notaamann.
00:39:22 Speaker 6
Welcome to the next fellow. You see, many organizations in the market, And one of the things we wanted to talk about is AI can be many things to many people. Whether we're looking at some of the horizontal use cases like marketing transformation, which is largely industry-agnostic, to some of the vertical use cases where the industry expertise really matters, like supply chain and manufacturing. What are you seeing in the market and how organizations balancing that trade off?
00:39:53 Speaker 9
Yeah, it's a great question. I mean, it definitely differs by industry as you said, but I think you have the horizontal use cases. That's probably what you want to start with. You know, often ready already be that in marketing, be that in you know developer productivity, be that in back office finance or HR. There is a whole host of areas that we can work on. Give you one example: we had an investment company, That was able to actually automate about sixty percent of its cash management applications, And that resulted invoice timing being reduced from two and a half hours give or take to about five minutes. Right, so massive changes, and I think they are as you said mostly applicable across industries. Then I think are the vertical ones, and they will clearly differ by industry. So be that you know in telco network operations, uh be that insurance claims management or even at McKinsey.
00:40:47 Speaker 9
Where, you know, we've built our own Gen AI platform on top of Gemini Enterprise. And if I take that as an example, It's a prompt based conversation search, and it has improved our, you know time information gathering and more importantly synthesis by about fifty percent. And we have about five hundred thousand prompts per month growing very massive, right? Do, you see, that's really becomes differentiated for your specific industry on top of the horizontal.
00:41:14 Speaker 6
That is impressive. Um, As organizations think about options, whether that is the technology provider, model or even generation of model and partner, how are executives thinking about those decisions and choices? And is there something that those successful ones are consistently choosing and doing?
00:41:35 Speaker 9
Yeah. So tech providers for the tech provider you pick in the platform, that is strategic decision. Right. And it is really important. It determines your execution speed, drives down your unit cost, And really gets technology and the data into the hand of people who need it. I would say, And as a consultant, I would say that, you know, that's probably 20 to 30 percent of the actual value. To get the real value, it is all about change management. What do I mean by that? It's about how do I change the processes in an organization? How do I change my finance process? How do I change my marketing process?
00:42:13 Speaker 9
And really get the people to drive that change and really get the right skills, the right people in the right parts of the organization. So, it's really all about change management and starting from the business benefits that we wanted to capture with technology as an enabler.
00:42:31 Speaker 6
So start with the business, Start with outcome and make sure that your technology can bear what you're looking to do.
00:42:37 Speaker 9
Absolutely. It's all about what business value do we create? Using AI technology as an enabler.
00:42:45 Speaker 6
As our final question, what advice do you have? What message do you have for this audience of partners?
00:42:52 Speaker 9
So it's a bit what I said just before, right, which is focus on the business value that AI generates, not just the tech. Unless we as partners can actually show business value for our end customers, it's going to be very hard to convince CFOs and executives to continue investing. So, I think the really important thing is what is the business value. And to get to that business value, like to say every AI transformation is at its heart a people transformation. Right? We often we said we often over focus on on the tech. We miss out the fact that it's all about the people that use it, the people that need to change their way of working. And that's how we get value.
00:43:34 Speaker 6
So change business, people and technology all at once. Small task.
00:43:39 Speaker 9
Quite easy yeah exactly exactly.
00:43:42 Speaker 6
Thank you very much, Philip. And here's to Gemini for everyone and Gemini for value. Thank you. Thank you.
00:43:52 Speaker 3
Welcome back, Kevin Itchkarani. What's Very.
00:44:08 Speaker 1
Hearing about some of the customer stories you heard earlier. Is it's no longer about just moving compute, but fundamentally driving business transformation with customers. And when we talk to our customers, more and more the decision maker is the line of business today. And, that's why the feedback we're getting on. What do they want to see from our partner ecosystem, there's a couple resounding themes. They want your deep industry and business process expertise because it's about working that business process or even the business model of the company entirely. They want engineering expertise, but AI engineering expertise because as Jeff Dean highlighted earlier, It's no longer about. You know it's about using agents to deliver the code as opposed to delivering a group of coders. And Philip just highlighted this earlier: change management, the people and the process.
00:45:07 Speaker 1
These are three things. We hear time and time again from our customers on what they want to see from our partners. And when we think about what's fundamentally changing, There is the old paradigm where you know if you think about the way applications were built today, typically somebody puts in an application it's highly siloed. There is data warehouses; those data warehouses are siloed. Those are so critical in driving intelligence. You're typically just taking a business process that already existed and just automating it. And oftentimes, when you roll the application out to the business users, They're having to adhere to a workflow in an application as opposed to the other way around. In the new paradigm, we move to a very different approach. We go from what was very.
00:46:06 Speaker 1
Historically very standard operating procedure, deterministic to something that's very dynamic and iterative. And as I mentioned before, We go from, you know, very siloed business applications where users had to adhere to the business process that gets shoved down their throat. And things are typically at a departmental level to this new paradigm. And in this new paradigm, everything gets put turned up on its head. You start with a business outcome. What is the business outcome the customer needs to achieve? And then reimagining the business process entirely to support that outcome. And, then you build an agentic experience that is not confined to specific departments of an org chart. It's not confined to specific functional system of record applications. It spans all of these systems of record applications, which we believe are here to stay.
00:47:05 Speaker 1
But, they will be agentified with a metal layer that's a huge opportunity for you to build on top, So that you're not confined to specific apps and specific org charts and can deliver an end- to- end process. And change management takes on a completely different form. It's no longer about, "Hey, the business user needs to adhere to this application workflow, " because you're constantly innovating with that business user on how can we make this different? How can we make this better? And iterating once again. So these are bursts Smaller projects that are very high margin and they go over and over and over as opposed to one big gargantuan project. And more and more, Our customers are saying they want the partners to come and deliver outcomes and charge based on outcomes versus a traditional rate card approach. And we see this as a huge opportunity for our partners. The reason we see this is such a huge opportunity for our partners is there's a lot of services opportunity in this new paradigm.
00:48:02 Speaker 1
You've got to get your data architecture in place. You've got to eliminate data silos. You've got to understand your business topology. You've got to deduplicate, label your data. There's a massive data architecture opportunity with our customers. This is an area where they have no skills and they need your help. Business transformation we touched upon it earlier, very high margin services in the business transformation area.
00:48:33 Speaker 1
Agentic development is not about building one or two agents, But how do you deliver a factory and put the entire lifecycle approach to support that factory in place for agents? And that gives rise to a whole other set of challenges customers have, which is how do I handle agentic governance? How do I ensure that how do I deal with conflict across agents and consensus across agents? Cybersecurity obviously huge area of opportunity for services. And more and more customers are saying, "How do I take my legacy applications, these homegrown apps, and modernize them? " And, what's been very interesting is that big modernization projects that two years ago were NPV negative for the client have now become NPV positive because they're using agents to do this work. And then lastly, Change management, both at a people and a process level. We personally feel is two - thirds of the battle.
00:49:32 Speaker 1
So, really large opportunity here for service providers. And for many of the ISVs that are here with us today, As well as services partners that want to build prepackaged agents and take them from client to client, we see this as a very large opportunity as well. And our program helps you through this entire lifecycle. From ideation, We want to steer you in the right direction on where should you build where there's customer demand. And we've been capturing demand signals from our install base. We've looked at which agents are low-hanging fruit across 120 different job families. We work with a third party to analyze the TAM across all of them, And we have not only the TAM at an individual process level, but in aggregate, the entire TAM with over a trillion dollars. I recommend you take a look at this research that we've done from our install base. We have it on the partner portal, but in addition to helping you ideate, we also help you with the leading agentic platforms.
00:50:31 Speaker 1
As well as technical resources at the to work with you and co- innovate and build these prepackaged agentic offerings. And lastly, we give you distributions through our agentic marketplace to get you to customers. And we're very excited about the momentum we're seeing with the agentic marketplace. We have thousands of solutions on the marketplace today where companies can come and search and discover. Secure these solutions. And as Thomas mentioned earlier, we're exposing these solutions in various Google services and surfaces. For example, let's take a couple of examples. Let's say I'm in Gemini Enterprise and I'm chatting with Gemini Enterprise because I am manufacturing and I am kind of struggling with the fact that the tariffs are always changing, sometimes every twenty four hours. And I want to understand how do I better optimize my supply chain? How do I rethink it to change my.
00:51:30 Speaker 1
Sourcing practices to minimize the impact of the tariffs. That is in the process of that chat, in context, we will prompt you that there's a solution, A prepackaged solution from Deloitte that can help us or other partners that they have a similar solution. Maybe I'm, a CHRO and I want to have a better hiring solution, and this intelligent hiring solution from Workday gets suggested. This will help bring you top line demand. We'll actually help bring new leads for you. We will actually prompt customers to even initiate trials and even purchase agents without a single sales rep even being involved because we want to help you with top line demand and distribution. And so, We're very excited about where the Agentic Marketplace is going to help grow your business and to make this real and share you where things are going.
00:52:27 Speaker 1
I'm going to invite Satish Thomas to the stage to give you the next level of detail. Satish, welcome.
00:52:48 Speaker 11
All Right. We are squarely in the era of agentic enterprise. For years, Our industry's answer to many challenges was, "There's an app for that." So we ended up with siloed applications for every conceivable task. That world is behind us. Today, there's an agent for that. These are agents from Google and from across the ecosystem that work across every industry.
00:53:25 Speaker 11
And business process in every region transforming how business gets done. Some of the partners in our ecosystem include Accenture, Adobe, Atlassian, Deloitte, Lobel Manhattan Oracle Palo Alto Networks S and P Global Salesforce ServiceNow Workday and many many more. And the most energizing part of all of this, Is that we are building this era together alongside all of you. So let's now look at this in real life. Agent Marketplace allows customers to easily find and evaluate thousands of agents and tools using natural language search. Whatever the task, there's an agent for that.
00:54:25 Speaker 11
As you heard from Thomas, starting today, We're enabling partner - built agents from our marketplace to be readily discoverable and deployable across our agentic surface areas, including Gemini Enterprise, giving you access to millions of users. We're providing a direct way for you to sell and scale your agents directly within the daily workflow of enterprise users.
00:54:56 Speaker 11
Now, let's see this in action. First, let's look at agents for any job function. Our marketer needs to identify customer segments and prepare a campaign brief for a new shoe line. In this scenario, our marketer discovers the Lovable agent in the agent gallery. They can see capabilities, And that Google Cloud has validated Lovable for use, confirming it meets the company's enterprise standards. Once requested, The company's administrator is notified and can purchase it seamlessly through Marketplace using their existing Google Cloud commitment. With no friction or no lengthy setup, our marketer puts Lovable to work.
00:55:54 Speaker 11
They prompt the agent to build a custom dashboard specific to their brand, pulling in internal sales data from BigQuery, overlaying it with social trend data. And the dashboard generates in seconds, interactive, filterable and connected with their enterprise data. But we can do more. In Lovable, you can export the campaign pitch into Google Slides, all backed by customer segmentation and ROI data. Soon, we will be able to import and view these slides in Gemini Enterprise. And here you go. It's ready to go. Next, we will show you examples of our industry-specific agents.
00:56:54 Speaker 11
And to kick this off, Let's play the role of a financial services analyst that needs to conduct equity research grounded in trusted and accurate financial data. You guessed it, there's an agent for that. The S and P Global Data Retrieval Agent helps drive detailed analysis, Searching across S and P Global's AI - ready datasets to identify and return the right information. With citations, with a prompt in the Gemini Enterprise app, Financial analysts can call on the S and P Global's agent to help create an equity research report. The agent conducts deep research and synthesizes the findings in a consistent and auditable way. The final result is comprehensive, delivered in minutes.
00:57:51 Speaker 11
And with structured sections tailored specifically for equity analysis for the analyst to review. Each section is grounded with citations that link back to S and P's global data sources. Next up, another important industry, retail. Let's say a transportation planner needs to quickly analyze and manage shipments for on time delivery to their customers. You guessed it. There's an agent for that. Manhattan Associates runs the supply chain systems behind many of the most sophisticated retailers around the world. Right from within Genes Enterprise, Teams can now activate the Manhattan Transportation Planner Agent to analyze shipment statuses. And even more importantly, take action. The agent helps proactively.
00:58:48 Speaker 11
Identify adverse shipments due to unforeseen events, for example, a truck mechanical. Instead of jumping between screens or chasing for status updates, the agent flags the critical items that require attention. The planner can prompt the agent for recommended alternatives, complete with carrier mode and cost tradeoffs. This allows our planner to make a data-driven decision quickly, re-tendering the shipment to another carrier and initiating tracking. Going from reactive to proactive and from taking hours to taking minutes. We've covered examples of functional and industry agents. And next, and finally, let's show you some business process agents.
00:59:45 Speaker 11
We have partner agents and connectors in Gemini Enterprise that can help enterprises connect business processes that span departments and applications. We'll start with the role of a level, one operator managing their organization's network infrastructure, And they can connect directly to this ServiceNow data within Gemini Enterprise to conduct the network analysis. The solution identifies the specific network elements for the operator to do deeper analysis. In bulk, The service now assists for IT operations management agents to investigate the root cause and pull in the metrics data and to create an incident ticket, even recommending two field network engineers to handle the job.
01:00:41 Speaker 11
All without leaving their workflow or toggling between screens. Through the interaction with the ServiceNow agent, The operator learns that issue cannot be addressed remotely, and it would require boots on the ground in a region. They typically don't usually manage on a weekend, no, less. No problem, there's an agent for that. They call in Sana from Workday. Gemini Enterprise acts as the orchestrator, connecting the enterprise data and the existing systems of record. Our operator, with Sana from Workday, uses it to help ensure that skilled staff are in the right place, are well positioned with labor compliance requirements to handle the emergency we can fix. What used to take hours of work across different systems is now.
01:01:39 Speaker 11
In a single pane of glass, done in minutes. All of this is a glimpse of the power of the agentic enterprise. I'll end where I started. What you just saw is not the future. It is what you and all of us can build today together. We are enabling an era that will redefine every industry, supercharge every function, and accelerate every single business process. Let's go! And now I'll hand over to my friend and colleague Amy to take us home.
01:03:12 Speaker 3
Please Welcome the Managing Director of Global Partner Marketing at Google Cloud, Amy Catalano.
01:03:34 Speaker 12
Hello Everyone. It is so great to see you all again. I vividly remember when you were all asking me, please, please, please can you invest more in market awareness? And just wow. It's so exciting to see all the ways that Google is showing up. For example, Our collaborations with Team USA, Stephen Curry, Formula E, and Major League Baseball. It was really fun that many of you cheered for your favorites. And, of course, all the ways that we're spotlighting Gemini across both consumers and businesses. We have an incredible opportunity to build on this market momentum together.
01:04:23 Speaker 12
Our shared ambition is clear. We want to show the world that we have the most powerful and innovative partner ecosystem. To get there, you have our absolute commitment. We will be the most partner-centric cloud in the industry. And this isn't just a slogan. It truly is. This is a promise that underpins everything we do, From our largest G oo gle - led programs to the work we do shoulder to shoulder with you every day. To seize this moment, how we show up in the market together is critical. So what will it take for all of us to capitalize on this? First, we need to engage with a new and expanded audience.
01:05:20 Speaker 12
Second, we must showcase proof over promises. And lastly, it's imperative that we use AI to upskill, optimize and outperform. So now let me touch on those in a little more detail. For years the world predominantly revolved around the IT director, the CTO, that technical sponsor. But the room has gotten bigger. And the conversation has changed. We aren't just talking to the heads of infrastructure anymore. On one hand, we have the developers, the hands-on keyboards talent. These are the architects of AI transformation, which by the way are also no longer limited to being a technical practitioner, right? And on the other hand, we have these line of business leaders: the marketing VPs, HR heads, operations managers who are just.
01:06:18 Speaker 12
Increasingly more and more important buyers and influencers. These are the new faces of AI decision-making and adoption. And if we want to meet this moment, We really do need to understand how to meet their needs deeply and meet them where they are. So for developers, we're building communities and skills through hackathons, developer groups, and specialized trainings. For example, Our Gemini Enterprise Agent Ready initiative or GEAR is designed for these users so that we can support building and deploying and managing agents. And for line of business, It's really about speaking their language and proving the ROI through compelling use cases and examples. So let's talk a little bit more about that. Historically within cloud transformation, organizations have.
01:07:15 Speaker 12
Kind of uh often emphasized efficiency. It was all about saving time and cutting costs. And that still matters, but it isn't the whole story anymore. Growth has never been more important. And the customers, they no longer need to view saving money or accelerating growth as trade-offs. Thanks to AI, it's making everything possible now. It's making it possible to have both. And so some of your customers, let's face it, You know, they they still might be facing some general skepticism on how real and impactful AI is. We, all of us, we must lead in the market with production use cases that are truly showing clear and positive R O I alongside new business expansion. And, these stories don't stop at the technology solutions you're all building, but also the individual user adoption.
01:08:15 Speaker 12
That you helped drive. And finally, we can't afford to get complacent or move too slowly. We have an urgent responsibility to upskill within our own organizations. And so, to help you move faster, we're embedding AI across the partner ecosystem and tools. Within Partner Marketing Studio, New AI tools are now ready to help you turn bold ideas into market - ready campaigns. In a fraction of the time. And we've made Boost Bytes. It's our snackable training videos that are featuring real-world AR use cases, which were originally built by Googlers for Googlers, are now fully available to all of you, all of our partners and all of our customers. The world is moving much faster than it was. Last time we were all here together.
01:09:11 Speaker 12
Ai has given us an unprecedented opportunity to unleash our creativity and outperform all expectations. So let's work together, not just to meet this moment, but to define it. And look around you. The energy and the scale of this event are simply incredible, and that is a direct reflection of the power of this ecosystem. And the hundreds of sponsoring partners That make this week unforgettable. Your commitment, your expertise, your solutions, and your presence in such a major way. That is the power of the ecosystem, and that's what's transforming this from a typical conference into a vibrant hub of innovation. So on behalf of our entire team, I want to extend a heartfelt thank you.
01:10:06 Speaker 12
And a special thank you to Carasoft for their sponsorship of Partner Summit. And since I want to roll thank yous here, finally, I want to give a massive. Thank you to our 202 6 Google Cloud, Partner of the Year winners. If you're well, You are leading the way in AI and delivering such incredible results for our customers. So therefore if you're a partner of the year winner, Please stand up right now and be recognized. And let's give them a hand of applause.
01:10:49 Speaker 12
So, So fun celebrating with you last night. And I really can't wait for the rest of the week. So, we're going to close with a fun video clips and thank you everyone.
01:11:01 Speaker 10
And enjoy the rest of Google Cloud Next and Partner Summit twenty twenty six. Thank you.
01:11:49 Speaker 3
You're invited to join us throughout the week at the Partner Summit Lounge. Get your questions answered at our Meet the Expert booths. Tune in to our.